This is a partial re-write of intmini by Grant Serle.
The main objective was to move code from address 66H to allow
the Z80 NMI to be used at that address.

intmini contains the I/O routines for Grant's Z80 homebrew computer,
which then uses Nascom basic starting at address 150H.
This has all been reused in the RC2014 homebrew kit.
This code has been configured to be used with RC2014 because I
set RAM to start at address 8000H; the original was at 2000H, which could be
altered by updating serBuf and TEMPSTACK.

I have used Bas Wijnen's Z80 assembler to asseble it:
http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/z80asm/
I hope to do some work on that soon too...
To that end I have changed the original assembler to be compatible:
Replaced pseudo ops with z80asm ones, added a colon after labels, and
replaced/augmented ORGs with "DB label-$,0FFH" so as to add padding and
that padding be the value of yet-to-be-programmed PROM.

In order to enable the NMI functionality, the value of basicStarted at address
8044H needs to be changed to 'y' from 'Y', then each NMI will push AF onto
the stack and call RN which I have set as 0FFF0H. Place code there followed by
a RET.

Also RST 20 will jump to 0FFD0H (see label R20) and RST28 will jump to 
0FFE0H (see label R28).
RST 30 has a short routine to print a string up to a NUL 00H character then
return; it is replacing PRINT in the original intmini.

How to use:
So far I have taken the original ROM image for the RC2014 (either from the
internet or the ROM code R supplied with the kit).
I assembled the new intmini and overwrote the first 150H (336) bytes while
leaving the remaining basic as is.
(On Unix / Linux / Mac OSX use "dd conv=notrunc")
I then wrote to an EPROM and replaced the PROM in my RC2014 with it.
The NMI link on the CPU board needs to be unsoldered and I replaced with
2 header pins - these need to be jumpered together to keep NMI HIGH when not
in use.

As an initial test I connected a 555 timer at 5v to the NMI pin in place of the jumper, and loaded a small routine to increment a counter in memory.
I'll add that to this repo shortly.

Please let me know of your feedback - I imagine there I points I have skipped
over quickly.

Grant Searle's original file says:
; Contents of this file are copyright Grant Searle
;
; You have permission to use this for NON COMMERCIAL USE ONLY
; If you wish to use it elsewhere, please include an acknowledgement to myself.
;
; http://searle.hostei.com/grant/index.html
;
; eMail: home.micros01@btinternet.com
;
; If the above don't work, please perform an Internet search to see if I have
; updated the web page hosting service.

Until I have totally rewritten or spoken to him about these conditions,
they will have to remain.

John Critchley
